feat: implementing `ansys/actions/changelogs` and adding release note in documentation (#3019)
ansys/pymapdl: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

This project uses [towncrier](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/) to generate changelogs. 

> Refer to the [raw release notes](doc/source/changelog.rst) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [raw release notes](doc/source/changelog.rst).
```
Always put why to click the link before the link as shown.
